# Tech weights
@megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight = 10
# Tech costs (tier 1 cost will be [base_tech_cost + 1 * per_level_cost])
@small_science_base_tech_cost = 27000
@small_science_per_level_cost = 81000
@lesser_megastructure_base_tech_cost = 36000
@lesser_megastructure_per_level_cost = 108000
@megastructure_base_tech_cost = 48000
@megastructure_per_level_cost = 144000
@grand_megastructure_base_tech_cost = 96000
@grand_megastructure_per_level_cost = 288000
@hyperstructure_base_tech_cost = 192000
@hyperstructure_per_level_cost = 576000

### +1 Dyson Sphere
giga_tech_repeatable_vanilla_dyson_cap = {
    area = physics
    category = { field_manipulation }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @grand_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @grand_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "tech_dyson_sphere" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_vanilla_dyson_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_vanilla_dyson_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = vanilla_dyson_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = vanilla_dyson_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = vanilla_dyson_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = vanilla_dyson_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Sentry Array
giga_tech_repeatable_vanilla_array_cap = {
    area = physics
    category = { computing }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @grand_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @grand_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "tech_sentry_array" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_vanilla_array_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_vanilla_array_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = vanilla_array_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = vanilla_array_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = vanilla_array_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = vanilla_array_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Matter Decompressor
giga_tech_repeatable_vanilla_matter_cap = {
    area = physics
    category = { field_manipulation }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @grand_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @grand_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "tech_matter_decompressor" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_vanilla_matter_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_vanilla_matter_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = vanilla_matter_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = vanilla_matter_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = vanilla_matter_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = vanilla_matter_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Interstellar Assembly
giga_tech_repeatable_vanilla_interstellar_cap = {
    area = society
    category = { statecraft }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @grand_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @grand_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "tech_interstellar_assembly" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_vanilla_interstellar_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_vanilla_interstellar_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
	    modifier = {
            factor = 0.0
            NOT = { has_global_flag = vanilla_interstellar_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = vanilla_interstellar_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = vanilla_interstellar_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = vanilla_interstellar_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Mega Art Installation
giga_tech_repeatable_vanilla_art_cap = {
    area = society
    category = { statecraft }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @grand_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @grand_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "tech_mega_art" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_vanilla_art_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_vanilla_art_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = vanilla_art_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = vanilla_art_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = vanilla_art_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = vanilla_art_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Mega Shipyard
giga_tech_repeatable_vanilla_shipyard_cap = {
    area = society
    category = { military_theory }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @grand_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @grand_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "tech_mega_shipyard" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_vanilla_shipyard_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_vanilla_shipyard_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = vanilla_shipyard_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = vanilla_shipyard_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = vanilla_shipyard_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = vanilla_shipyard_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Ringworld
giga_tech_repeatable_vanilla_ringworld_cap = {
    area = engineering
    category = { voidcraft }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @grand_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @grand_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "tech_ring_world" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_vanilla_ringworld_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_vanilla_ringworld_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = vanilla_ringworld_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = vanilla_ringworld_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = vanilla_ringworld_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = vanilla_ringworld_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Science Nexus
giga_tech_repeatable_vanilla_nexus_cap = {
    area = physics
    category = { computing }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @grand_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @grand_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "tech_science_nexus" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_vanilla_nexus_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_vanilla_nexus_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = vanilla_nexus_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = vanilla_nexus_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = vanilla_nexus_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = vanilla_nexus_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Strategic Coordination Center
giga_tech_repeatable_vanilla_strategic_cap = {
    area = society
    category = { military_theory }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @grand_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @grand_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "tech_strategic_coordination" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_vanilla_strategic_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_vanilla_strategic_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = vanilla_strategic_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = vanilla_strategic_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = vanilla_strategic_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = vanilla_strategic_disabled }
    }
}

################################################################################

### +1 Alderson Disk
giga_tech_repeatable_alderson_cap = {
    area = engineering
    category = { voidcraft }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @hyperstructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @hyperstructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_alderson_disk" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_alderson_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_alderson_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = alderson_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = alderson_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = alderson_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = alderson_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Atmospheric Purifier
giga_tech_repeatable_terraform_toxic_cap = {
    area = society
    category = { new_worlds }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_terraform_toxic" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_terraform_toxic_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_terraform_toxic_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = terraform_toxic_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = terraform_toxic_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = terraform_toxic_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = terraform_toxic_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Attack Moon
giga_tech_repeatable_warmoon_cap = {
    area = society
    category = { military_theory }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_war_moon_2" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_warmoon_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_warmoon_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = warmoon_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = warmoon_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = warmoon_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = warmoon_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Automated Stripmine
giga_tech_repeatable_drill_cap = {
    area = engineering
    category = { industry }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @lesser_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @lesser_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_automated_stripmine_2" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_drill_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_drill_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = drill_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = drill_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = drill_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = drill_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Behemoth Planetcraft
giga_tech_repeatable_warplanet_cap = {
    area = society
    category = { military_theory }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @grand_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @grand_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_war_planet" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_warplanet_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_warplanet_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = warplanet_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = warplanet_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = warplanet_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = warplanet_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Crystal Megabore
giga_tech_repeatable_crystal_cap = {
    area = engineering
    category = { industry }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @lesser_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @lesser_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_crystal_megabore" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_crystal_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_crystal_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = crystal_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = crystal_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = crystal_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = crystal_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Dynamic Core Ignitor
giga_tech_repeatable_terraform_barren_cap = {
    area = society
    category = { new_worlds }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_terraform_barren" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_terraform_barren_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_terraform_barren_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = terraform_barren_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = terraform_barren_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = terraform_barren_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = terraform_barren_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Equatorial Shipyard
giga_tech_repeatable_shipyard_cap = {
    area = engineering
    category = { industry }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_equatorial_shipyard" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_shipyard_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_shipyard_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = shipyard_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = shipyard_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = shipyard_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = shipyard_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Fusion Suppressor
giga_tech_repeatable_suppressor_cap = {
    area = physics
    category = { particles }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @grand_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @grand_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_fusion_suppressor" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_suppressor_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_suppressor_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = suppressor_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = suppressor_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = suppressor_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = suppressor_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Geothermal Stabilizer
giga_tech_repeatable_geothermal_cap = {
    area = society
    category = { new_worlds }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_terraform_molten" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_geothermal_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_geothermal_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = geothermal_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = geothermal_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = geothermal_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = geothermal_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Glue
giga_tech_repeatable_glue_cap = {
    area = society
    category = { new_worlds }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_terraform_shattered" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_glue_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_glue_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = glue_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = glue_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = glue_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = glue_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 HRAE-MC
giga_tech_repeatable_hraemc_cap = {
    area = physics
    category = { field_manipulation }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @hyperstructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @hyperstructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_hrae_mc" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_hraemc_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_hraemc_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = hraemc_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = hraemc_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = hraemc_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = hraemc_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Hyperstructural Assembly Yard
giga_tech_repeatable_hyperstructural_ass_cap = {
    area = engineering
    category = { industry }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @hyperstructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @hyperstructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_hyperstructural_ass" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_hyperstructural_ass_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_hyperstructural_ass_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = hyperstructural_ass_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = hyperstructural_ass_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = hyperstructural_ass_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = hyperstructural_ass_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Interstellar Habitat
giga_tech_repeatable_stellarhabitat_cap = {
    area = engineering
    category = { voidcraft }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @grand_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @grand_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_interstellar_habitat" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_stellarhabitat_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_stellarhabitat_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = stellarhabitat_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = stellarhabitat_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = stellarhabitat_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = stellarhabitat_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Kugelblitz Containment Silo
giga_tech_repeatable_kugel_cap = {
    area = physics
    category = { particles }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @lesser_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @lesser_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_kugelblitz" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_kugel_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_kugel_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = kugel_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = kugel_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = kugel_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = kugel_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Lunar Speculorefractor
giga_tech_repeatable_disco_moon_cap = {
    area = physics
    category = { particles }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @lesser_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @lesser_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_disco_moon" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_disco_moon_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_disco_moon_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = disco_moon_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = disco_moon_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = disco_moon_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = disco_moon_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Macroatmospheric Stabilizer
giga_tech_repeatable_terraform_gasgiant_cap = {
    area = society
    category = { new_worlds }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_terraform_gas" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_terraform_gasgiant_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_terraform_gasgiant_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
	    modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = terraform_gasgiant_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = terraform_gasgiant_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = terraform_gasgiant_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = terraform_gasgiant_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Macroengineering Testing Station
giga_tech_repeatable_megabase_cap = {
    area = engineering
    category = { voidcraft }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @small_science_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @small_science_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_engineering_test_site" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_megabase_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_megabase_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = megabase_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = megabase_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = megabase_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = megabase_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Matrioshka Brain
giga_tech_repeatable_matrioshka_brain_cap = {
    area = physics
    category = { field_manipulation }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @hyperstructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @hyperstructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_matrioshka_brain_1" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_matrioshka_brain_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_matrioshka_brain_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = matrioshka_brain_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = matrioshka_brain_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = matrioshka_brain_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = matrioshka_brain_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Neutronium Gigaforge
giga_tech_repeatable_gigaforge_cap = {
    area = engineering
    category = { voidcraft }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_neutronium_gigaforge" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_gigaforge_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_gigaforge_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = gigaforge_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = gigaforge_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = gigaforge_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = gigaforge_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Nidavellir Hyperforge
giga_tech_repeatable_nidavellir_cap = {
    area = engineering
    category = { voidcraft }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @hyperstructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @hyperstructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_nidavellir" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_nidavellir_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_nidavellir_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = nidavellir_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = nidavellir_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = nidavellir_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = nidavellir_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Orbital Arcology
giga_tech_repeatable_orbital_arcologies_cap = {
    area = engineering
    category = { voidcraft }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @lesser_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @lesser_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_orbital_arcologies" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_orbital_arcologies_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_orbital_arcologies_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = orbital_arcologies_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = orbital_arcologies_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = orbital_arcologies_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = orbital_arcologies_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Orbital Artificial Ecosystem
giga_tech_repeatable_orbital_artificial_eco_cap = {
    area = society
    category = { biology }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @small_science_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @small_science_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_orbital_artificial_eco" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_orbital_artificial_eco_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_orbital_artificial_eco_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = orbital_artificial_eco_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = orbital_artificial_eco_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = orbital_artificial_eco_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = orbital_artificial_eco_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Orbital Bastion
giga_tech_repeatable_academy_cap = {
    area = engineering
    category = { voidcraft }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @lesser_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @lesser_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_orbital_bastion" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_academy_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_academy_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = academy_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = academy_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = academy_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = academy_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Penrose Sphere
giga_tech_repeatable_penrose_sphere_cap = {
    area = physics
    category = { particles }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @grand_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @grand_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_penrose_sphere_1" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_penrose_sphere_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_penrose_sphere_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = penrose_sphere_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = penrose_sphere_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = penrose_sphere_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = penrose_sphere_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Planetary Computing Complex
giga_tech_repeatable_planetary_computer_cap = {
    area = physics
    category = { computing }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_planetary_computer" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_planetary_computer_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_planetary_computer_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = planetary_computer_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = planetary_computer_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = planetary_computer_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = planetary_computer_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Psychic Hypersiphon
giga_tech_repeatable_siphon_cap = {
    area = society
    category = { psionics }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @grand_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @grand_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_psychic_hypersiphon_5" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_siphon_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_siphon_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = siphon_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = siphon_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = siphon_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = siphon_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Star Lifter
giga_tech_repeatable_lifters_cap = {
    area = engineering
    category = { industry }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @grand_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @grand_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_star_lifter" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_lifters_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_lifters_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = lifters_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = lifters_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = lifters_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = lifters_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Stellar Particle Accelerator
giga_tech_repeatable_accelerator_cap = {
    area = physics
    category = { particles }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @small_science_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @small_science_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_particle_accelerator" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_accelerator_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_accelerator_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = accelerator_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = accelerator_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = accelerator_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = accelerator_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Stellar Systemcraft
giga_tech_repeatable_systemcraft_cap = {
    area = society
    category = { military_theory }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @hyperstructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @hyperstructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_war_system_6" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_systemcraft_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_systemcraft_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = systemcraft_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = systemcraft_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = systemcraft_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = systemcraft_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Substellar Compressor
giga_tech_repeatable_compressor_cap = {
    area = physics
    category = { particles }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @grand_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @grand_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_substellar_compressor" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_compressor_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_compressor_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = compressor_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = compressor_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = compressor_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = compressor_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 S.U.C.C.
giga_tech_repeatable_succ_cap = {
    area = engineering
    category = { voidcraft }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @lesser_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @lesser_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_succ" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_succ_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_succ_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = succ_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = succ_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = succ_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = succ_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Yggdrasil Orchid Complex
giga_tech_repeatable_orchid_cap = {
    area = society
    category = { biology }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_yggdrasil_orchid" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_orchid_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_orchid_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = orchid_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = orchid_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = orchid_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = orchid_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 The Vat
giga_tech_repeatable_the_vat_cap = {
    area = society
    category = { biology }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_the_vat" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_the_vat_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_the_vat_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = the_vat_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = the_vat_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = the_vat_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = the_vat_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Asteroid Manufactory
giga_tech_repeatable_asteroid_manufactory_cap = {
    area = engineering
    category = { industry }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @lesser_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @lesser_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_asteroid_manufactory" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_asteroid_manufactory_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_asteroid_manufactory_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = asteroid_manufactory_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = asteroid_manufactory_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = asteroid_manufactory_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = asteroid_manufactory_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Asteroid Artillery
giga_tech_repeatable_asteroid_artillery_cap = {
    area = engineering
    category = { industry }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @lesser_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @lesser_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_asteroid_artillery" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_asteroid_artillery_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_asteroid_artillery_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = asteroid_artillery_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = asteroid_artillery_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = asteroid_artillery_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = asteroid_artillery_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Planetary Dockyard
giga_tech_repeatable_planetshipyard_cap = {
    area = engineering
    category = { industry }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @lesser_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @lesser_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_planetary_drive_yard_shipyard" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_planetshipyard_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_planetshipyard_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = planetshipyard_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = planetshipyard_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = planetshipyard_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = planetshipyard_disabled }
    }
}

### +1 Maginot
giga_tech_repeatable_maginot_cap = {
    area = society
    category = { military_theory }
    tier = 5
    weight = @megastructure_repeatable_tech_weight
    cost = @lesser_megastructure_base_tech_cost
    cost_per_level = @lesser_megastructure_per_level_cost
    levels = 40
    prerequisites = { "giga_tech_maginot_world" }
    weight_groups = { repeatable }
    mod_weight_if_group_picked = { repeatable = 0.1 }

    prereqfor_desc = {
        custom = {
            title = "giga_maginot_capacity_increase_title"
            desc = "giga_maginot_capacity_increase_desc"
        }
    }

    weight_modifier = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = maginot_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = maginot_disabled }
    }
    ai_weight = {
        modifier = { factor = 0     NOT = { has_global_flag = maginot_capped_r } }
        modifier = { factor = 0     has_global_flag = maginot_disabled }
    }
}

